Did I hear it right?
Yanchengshen says your brand
It was really him who was violated
Do they really know each other?
Hey, what kind of relationship is this?
Only then will the invitation letter be sent out?
Youen
Sister, what are you talking about?
Are you kidding me?
Let this waste go
It is also worthy of you to send him an invitation letter.
Yes, Lawyer Ye
Did you make a mistake?
This invitation
It was indeed given by me.
I haven't seen you in a few years. What I expected is really good
Golden Phoenix
Your appearance
Nothing has changed
Still the same
What's it like?
Defiant and arrogant
It's a punch.
It's okay, Jinbao
You don't think I gave you this invitation
Is ruthless against you
Obviously an incompetent waste
Always pretending to be on top
Master everything
That's what makes people sick
It seems that you are here to humiliate me today
You know it
What do you think I mean by sending you this invitation?
I'll let you know.
Let you see with your own eyes the glorious moment when I was canonized
You make you understand
The gap between you and me
It is a red envelope that can never be crossed.